Remove ide (#524)
klaytn/klaytn-docs: docs/smart-contract/sample-contracts/klaytngreeter.md

}
```

## Deploying KlaytnGreeter using Remix Online IDE <a href="#deploying-klaytngreeter-using-klaytn-ide" id="deploying-klaytngreeter-using-klaytn-ide"></a>

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `KlaytnGreeter` contract. The complete source code was given in the above.

Reviewer: same comments https://github.com/klaytn/klaytn-docs/pull/524/files#r1058017456

> * Please visit [Remix Online IDE](https://remix.ethereum.org/) and create a `KlaytnGreeter` contract. The complete source code was given in the above.

Author: ```suggestion
* Please visit [Klaytn Plugin for Remix](https://ide.klaytn.foundation) and create a `KlaytnGreeter` contract. The complete source code was given in the above.
```
